# Terms of Service

Thank you for using Leela.Game!

Leela.Game services are provided by Leela Game B.V., and the events, materials, online courses and other products, information about which can be found on the "Events" page, are hosted and provided by other companies represented by the Event Organizers. These Terms of Service govern the use of the website, web pages, applications, and other products and services of Leela.Game.
Accepting These Term
What's What. Leela.Game's products, features and offerings collectively referred to as "Leela.Game Properties" or our "Services". These Terms apply to any Site(s) on which they are posted; where other terms or agreements are instead posted, those terms or agreements apply to the extent they conflict with these Terms. The material, including without limitation information, data, text, editorial content, design elements, look and feel, formatting, graphics, images, photographs, videos, music, sounds and other content contained in or delivered via the Services or otherwise made available by Leela.Game in connection with the Services is the "Site Content" (or "Content"). Any material (including the foregoing categories) that you contribute, provide, post or make available using the Services is "Your Content.
Who's Who. When these Terms use the term "Organiser," we mean event creators using the Services to create events displayed on the Site for consumers using our Services (a) to consume information about or attend Events ("Consumers"), or (b) for any other reason. Organisers, Consumers and third parties using our Services are all referred to in these Terms collectively as "Users," "you" or "your."
If you are an Organiser offering events with paid tickets, Leela.Game's Agency Agreement are also applicable to you. These Terms of Service are applicable to you if you are an Organiser offering events with paid tickets; if you are a Consumer; if you are a third party interacting with our Services not as an Organiser or a Consumer. And, by agreeing to these Terms of Service, you acknowledge you have read the Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement applicable to all Users. We may sometimes provide you with services that are not described in these Terms of Service: unless we have entered into a separate, signed agreement that expressly supersedes these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service will apply to those services as well.
What the "Terms of Service" Means. These Terms of Service comprise Leela.Game's "Terms." These Terms are a legally binding agreement between you and Leela.Game governing your access to and use of the Services and setting out your rights and responsibilities when you use the Services. By using any of our Services (including browsing a Site), you are agreeing to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use or access the Services. If you will be using the Services on behalf of an entity (such as on behalf of your employer), you agree to these Terms on behalf of that entity and its affiliates and you represent that you have the authority to do so. In such case, "you" and "your" will refer to that entity as well as yourself.
Leela.Game's Services and Role
What We Do. Leela.Game's Services provide a simple and quick means for Organisers to create speaker profiles, organiser profiles, and other web pages related to their events, promote those pages and events to visitors or browsers on the Services or elsewhere online, manage online or onsite ticketing and registration, solicit donations. Descriptions of other and more specific services can generally be found on the Site Leela.Game.
How We Fit In. Leela.Game is not the creator, organiser or owner of the events listed on the Services. Rather, Leela.Game provides its Services, which allow Organisers to manage ticketing and registration and promote their events. The Organiser is solely responsible for ensuring that any page displaying an event on the Services (and the event itself) meet all applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations, and that the goods and services described on the event page are delivered as described and in an accurate satisfactory manner. The Organiser of a paid event selects the payment processing method for its event as more fully described in the Agency Agreement. Consumers must use whatever payment processing method the Organiser selects. If the Organiser selects a payment processing method that uses a third party to process the payment, then neither Leela.Game nor any of its payment processing partners processes the transaction but we transmit the Consumer's payment details to the Organiser's designated payment provider. If an Organiser uses Leela.Game Payment Processing Leela.Game also acts as the Organiser's limited agent solely for the purpose of using our third party payment service providers to collect payments made by Consumers on the Services and passing such payments to the Organiser.
Privacy and Consumer Information
We know your personal information is important to you and it is important to Leela.Game, too. Information provided to Leela.Game by Users or collected by Leela.Game is governed by our Privacy Policy.
If you are an Organiser, you represent, warrant and agree that (a) you will at all times comply with all applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations with respect to information you collect from (or receive about) consumers, and (b) you will at all times comply with any applicable policies posted on the Site with respect to information you collect from (or receive about) consumers.
Term; Termination
These Terms apply to you as soon as you access the Services by any means and continue in effect until they are terminated. There may come a time where either you or Leela.Game decides it's best to part ways as described in Sections 4.2 or 4.3 below. When that happens, these Terms will generally no longer apply. However, as described in Section 4.4, certain provisions will always remain applicable to both you and Leela.Game.
Leela.Game may terminate your right to use the Services at any time

1. if you violate or breach these Terms;
2. if you misuse or abuse the Services, or use the Services in a way not intended or permitted by Leela.Game; or
3. if allowing you to access and use the Services would violate any applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations or would expose Leela.Game to legal liability.

Leela.Game may choose to stop offering the Services, or any particular portion of the Service, or modify or replace any aspect of the Service, at any time. We will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of our termination of your access to the Services, where, in Leela.Game's sole discretion, failure to do so would materially prejudice you. You agree that Leela.Game will not be liable to you or any third-party as a result of its termination of your right to use or otherwise access the Services.
Except to the extent you have agreed otherwise in a separate written agreement between you and Leela.Game, you may terminate your access to the Services and the general applicability of Terms by deleting your account. If you are a Consumer using the Services without a registered account, your only option for these Terms to no longer apply is to stop accessing the Services indefinitely. So long as you continue to access the Services, even without an account, these Terms remain in effect. If there is a separate agreement between you and Leela.Game governing your use of the Services and that agreement terminates or expires, these Terms (as unmodified by such agreement) will govern your use of the Services after such termination or expiration.
All provisions of these Terms that by their nature should survive termination of these Terms will survive (including, without limitation, all limitations on liability, releases, indemnification obligations, disclaimers of warranties, agreements to arbitrate, choices of law and judicial forum and intellectual property protections and licences).
Release and Indemnification
This is where you agree to cover Leela.Game if you use the Service in a way that causes Leela.Game to be the subject of a legal matter, or to face other claims or expenses, or as otherwise set forth herein, to the extent permitted by applicable laws.
Release. You hereby agree to release Leela.Game from all damages (whether direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or otherwise), losses, liabilities, costs and expenses of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of a dispute between you and a third party (including other Users) in connection with the Services or any event listed on the Services.
Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Leela.Game and each of its and their respective officers, directors, agents, co-branders, licensors, payment processing partners, other partners and employees, harmless from any and all damage (whether direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or otherwise), loss, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' and accounting fees) resulting from any claim, demand, suit, proceeding (whether before an arbitrator, court, mediator or otherwise) or investigation made by any third party (each a "Claim") relating to or arising out of:
your breach of these Terms (including any terms or agreements or policies incorporated into these Terms);
your use of the Services in violation of these Terms or other policies we post or make available;
your breach of any applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule or regulation or the rights of any third party;
Leela.Game’s collection and remission of taxes; and
if you are an Organiser, your events (including where Leela.Game has provided Services with respect to those events), provided that this indemnification will not apply to the extent that the Claim arises out of Leela.Game's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

Leela.Game will provide notice to you of any such Claim, provided that the failure or delay by Leela.Game in providing such notice will not limit your obligations hereunder except to the extent you are materially prejudiced by such failure. Also, in certain circumstances, Leela.Game may choose to handle the Claim ourselves, in which case you agree to cooperate with Leela.Game in any way we request.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Assumption of Risks by You
We strive to provide Services in the way you need them, but there are some things it is important for you to understand that we cannot promise.

To the extent permitted by applicable laws, the Services are provided on a "as is" and "as available" basis. Leela.Game expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of Agencyability, title, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. For example, Leela.Game makes no warranty that:
the Services (or any portion of the Services) will meet your requirements or expectations;
the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; or
the results that may be obtained from the use of the Services will be accurate or reliable.

You acknowledge that Leela.Game has no control over and does not guarantee the quality, safety, accuracy or legality of any event or Content associated with an event, the truth or accuracy of any information provided by Users (including the Consumer's personal information shared with Organisers in connection with events) or the ability of any User to perform or actually complete a transaction. Leela.Game has no responsibility to you for, and hereby disclaims all liability arising from, the acts or omissions of any third parties that Leela.Game requires to provide the Services, that an Organiser chooses to assist with an event, or that you choose to contract with when using the Services.

You understand and agree that some events may carry inherent risk, and by participating in those events, you choose to assume those risks voluntarily. For example, some events may carry risk of illness, bodily injury or disability and you freely and willfully assume those risks by choosing to participate in those events.

The foregoing disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by law. You may have other statutory rights. However, the duration of statutorily required warranties, if any, will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by applicable laws, or as otherwise set forth herein, Leela.Game and any person or entity associated with Leela.Game's provision of the Services (e.g., an affiliate, vendor, strategic partner or employee) ("Associated Parties"), will not be liable to you or any third party, for:

any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, opportunity costs, intangible losses, or the cost of substitute services (even if Leela.Game has been advised of the possibility of such damages); or
Your Content. In addition, other than the obligation of Leela.Game to pay out Event Registration Fees in certain circumstances to certain organisers under the Agency Agreement, and only in accordance with the terms therein, the maximum aggregate liability of Leela.Game or Associated Parties is limited to the following:
for Organisers of events with paid tickets, and subject to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the fees (net of Leela.Game Payment Processing Fees) that you paid us in the three (3) month period immediately preceding the circumstances giving rise to your claim; and
for Organisers of events with free tickets only, Consumers or other Users, (1) the total amount of all tickets or registrations that you purchased or made through the Services in the three (3) month period immediately preceding the circumstances giving rise to your claim; or (2) if you made no such purchases, one hundred SGD (SGD 100). .

Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit any condition, warranty, right or liability which may not be lawfully excluded or limited. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or conditions or the limitation or exclusion of liability for loss or damage caused by willful acts, negligence, breach of contract or breach of implied terms, or incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, only those liability and other limitations which are lawful in your jurisdiction (if any) will apply to you and our liability is limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Licence to the Leela.Game Services
Licence to Services. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable (except to sub-Users registered via the Services), revocable right to use our Services solely to:
browse the Services and search for, view, register for or purchase tickets or registrations to an event listed on the Services; and/or
create event registration, organiser profile and other webpages to promote, market, manage, track, and collect sales proceeds for an event.

Your use of the Services must be in compliance with these Terms and in compliance with all applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations. In addition, by using any search functionality or address auto-population tools, you are bound by the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy).

Restrictions on Your Licence. Without limitations on other restrictions, limitations and prohibitions that we impose (in these Terms or elsewhere), you agree you will not directly or indirectly:

copy, modify, reproduce, translate, localise, port or otherwise create derivatives of any part of the Services;
reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or structure, sequence and organisation of all or any part of the Services;
rent, lease, resell, distribute, use the Services for other commercial purposes not contemplated or otherwise exploit the Services in any unauthorised manner;
remove or alter any proprietary notices on the Services; or (e) engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Services.

Our Intellectual Property and Copyrights. You agree that all Site Content may be protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets or other intellectual property and other proprietary rights and laws. Leela.Game may own the Site Content or portions of the Site Content may be made available to Leela.Game through arrangements with third parties. Site Content included in or made available through the Services is the exclusive property of Leela.Game and is protected by copyright laws. You agree to use the Site Content only for purposes that are permitted by these Terms and any applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule or regulation. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

Trademarks. The trademarks, service marks and logos of Leela.Game (the "Leela.Game Trademarks") used and displayed in connection with the Services are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of Leela.Game. Other company, product and service names used in connection with the Services may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (the "Third Party Trademarks," and, collectively with Leela.Game Trademarks, the "Trademarks"). The offering of the Services will not be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any licence or right to use any Trademark displayed in connection with the Services without the prior written consent of Leela.Game specific for each such use. The Trademarks may not be used to disparage Leela.Game, any third party or Leela.Game's or such third party's products or services, or in any manner that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks. Use of any Trademarks as part of a link to or from any site is prohibited unless Leela.Game approves the establishment of such a link by prior written consent specific for each such link. All goodwill generated from the use of any Leela.Game Trademark will insure to Leela.Game's benefit. A number of issued patents and patents pending apply to the Services. Site Content may also be protected by copyrights owned by Leela.Game and/or third parties. Please note that if you copy portions of the Services you are violating these patent rights and copyrights.
Licences and Permits Organisers Must Obtain
If you are an Organiser, without limiting the generality of any representations or warranties provided elsewhere in these Terms of Service, you represent and warrant to us that:

(a) You and your affiliates will obtain, prior to the start of ticket sales, all applicable licences, permits, and authorizations (individually and collectively, "Licensure") with respect to events hosted by you or your affiliates on the Services. Licensure includes but is not limited to property operation permits and fire marshal permits;

(b) You and your affiliates will comply, and will ensure that the venues for each event hosted by you or your affiliates on the Services will comply, with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and ordinances;

(c) You will only request that Leela.Game offer tickets to an event after you have obtained any specific Licensures for such event, including, but not limited to, any state, county, municipal or other local authority's authorization of the event, traffic engineering authorizations, fire department inspection reports, authorization to receive minors (if applicable), sanitary authorization (if applicable), and any other potential applicable authorization; and (d) you and your affiliates will maintain in force throughout the term of access to the Service the applicable Licensure for organiser to promote, produce, sponsor host and sell tickets for all events hosted by you or your affiliates on the Services;

(d) Without limiting the generality of any release provided under these Terms of Service, as a material inducement to Leela.Game permitting you to access and use the Services, you hereby agree to release Leela.Game, and its affiliates and subsidiaries, and each of its and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, officers, affiliates, representatives, shareholders, contractors, directors, agents, partners and employees from all damages (whether direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or otherwise), losses, liabilities, costs and expenses of every kind and nature, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with your or your affiliates' Licensure, any failure to obtain or maintain any Licensure, or any error in obtaining or maintaining any Licensure;

(e) Without limiting your indemnification obligations elsewhere under these Terms of Service, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold Leela.Game, and its affiliates and subsidiaries, and each of its and their respective officers, directors, agents, co-branders, licensors, payment processing partners, other partners and employees, harmless from any and all damage (whether direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or otherwise), loss, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' and accounting fees) resulting from any Claim due to or arising out of your or your affiliates' Licensure, any failure to obtain or maintain any Licensure, or any error in obtaining or maintaining any Licensure. You agree to provide evidence of Licensure and related information prior to offering tickets or registrations for events on the Site and promptly upon the reasonable request of Leela.Game from time to time.
Scraping or Commercial Use of Site Content is Prohibited
The Site Content is not intended for your commercial use. You have no right to use, and agree not to use, any Site Content for your own commercial purposes. You have no right to, and agree not to scrape, crawl, or employ any automated means to extract data from the Site(s).
Fees and Refunds.
Fees That We Charge. Creating an account, listing an event and accessing the Services are free. However, we charge fees when you sell or buy paid tickets. These fees may vary based on individual agreements between Leela.Game and certain Organisers. Organisers ultimately determine whether these fees will be passed along to Consumers and shown as "Fees" on the applicable event page or absorbed into the ticket or registration price and paid by the Organiser out of ticket and registration gross proceeds. The fees charged to Organisers may include certain other charges, including without limitation, facility fees, royalties, taxes, processing fees and fulfilment fees. Therefore, the fees paid by Consumers for an event are not necessarily the same as those charged by Leela.Game to the applicable Organiser or the standard fees described on the Services to Organisers. In addition, certain fees are meant, on average, to defray certain costs incurred by Leela.Game, but may in some cases include an element of profit and in some cases include an element of loss. Leela.Game does not control (and thus cannot disclose) fees levied by your bank and/or credit card company, including fees for purchasing tickets and registrations in foreign currencies or from foreign persons. Be sure to check with your bank or credit card company prior to engaging in a transaction to understand all applicable fees, credit card surcharges and currency conversion rates.
Ticket Transfers. If you wish to transfer tickets to an event you have purchased on Leela.Game, in some instances Leela.Game may be able to accommodate this for you. In all other instances, please contact the Organiser of the event to arrange for ticket transfer. If you are unable to reach the Organiser, or the Organiser is unable to arrange a ticket transfer, please contact us.
Refunds. Because all transactions are between an Organiser and its respective attendees, Leela.Game asks that all Consumers contact the applicable Organiser of their event with any refund requests. You can find help with getting a refund here.

(a) If you are a Consumer, you acknowledge that should you receive a refund for your ticket, you will discard any ticket that we or any Organiser has delivered, and will not use it (or any copy of it) to attend the event. Violation of the foregoing constitutes fraud. You acknowledge that the applicable procedure to check the validity of the ticket must always be followed. Leela.Game will not be held liable under any circumstances for any costs arisen from non-compliance by Organisers with applicable procedures that must be implemented by Organisers to check validity of tickets. Leela.Game will not be held liable under any circumstances for costs and/or damage associated with tickets arisen from situations with fraud and/or for damage associated with the purchase of the ticket through non-official means, such as third parties.

(b) If you are an Organiser, you acknowledge that the applicable procedure to check the validity of the ticket must always be followed. Leela.Game will not be held liable under any circumstances for any costs arisen from non-compliance by Organisers with applicable procedures that must be implemented by Organisers to check validity of tickets. Leela.Game will not be held liable under any circumstances for costs and/or damage associated with tickets arisen from situations with fraud and/or for damage associated with the purchase of the ticket through non-official means, such as third parties.
Your Account with Leela.Game
We may require you to create an account to access certain features or functions of the Services. You agree to follow certain rules when you create an account with Leela.Game or use the Services, including the following:
You must be at least 18 years of age, or the legal age of majority where you reside, to use the Services. If you are 13 or older, you may only use the Services under the supervisions of a parent or legal guardian who manages your use and/or account. However, if you are under 13, please do not provide us with any information about yourself.
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself, or if you are using the Services on behalf of an entity, the entity (the "Registration Data"). You also agree to update this Registration Data if it changes.
If there is a dispute between two or more persons or entities as to account ownership, Leela.Game will be the sole arbiter of that dispute and Leela.Game's decision (which may include termination or suspension of the account) will be final and binding on those parties.
If you are using the Services on behalf of a company or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to legally bind that entity and grant Leela.Game all permissions and licences provided in these Terms.
We may provide you the ability to implement certain permission within your account to third parties including, "sub-users," "sub-accounts," or other credentialed account users. If we do so, you agree that you are solely responsible for all activity that occurs under your account (including actions by sub-users), so you must maintain the confidentiality of your password and account details. You likewise agree that all rules applicable to your account will apply to all third parties to whom you grant access to your account.
You agree to immediately notify Leela.Game of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security. You are responsible for (and we will hold you responsible for) any activities that occur under your account.
You agree to not use our services to collect any sensitive personal information, such as health information, social security numbers, financial information, payment card numbers, driver's licence numbers, and passport numbers, unless otherwise permitted by these Terms or Leela.Game has consented to such collection in writing.

Our Community Guidelines
You agree to abide by the Leela.Game Community Guidelines whenever you use or access our Services. Please read these carefully, as they affect what types of content and conduct are permitted on and through the Leela.Game Services.
Your Content.
Licence. Leela.Game does not make any claim to Your Content. However, you are solely responsible for Your Content. You hereby grant Leela.Game a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable right and licence to access, use, reproduce, transmit, adapt, modify, perform, display, distribute, translate, publish and create derivative works based on Your Content, in whole or in part, in any media, for the purpose of operating the Services (including Leela.Game's promotional and marketing services, which may include without limitation, promotion of your event on a third party website), and you hereby waive any and all moral right to use the name you submit with Your Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Leela.Game does not claim, and you do not transfer, any ownership rights in any of Your Content and nothing in these Terms of Service will restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit Your Content outside of the Services.

Your Representations About Your Content. You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the foregoing licence, and that all Your Content:
does not infringe, violate, misappropriate or otherwise conflict with the rights of any third party;
complies with all applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations; and
does not violate these Terms.

Additional Rules About Your Content. Your Content must be accurate and truthful. Leela.Game reserves the right to remove Your Content from the Services if Leela.Game believes in its sole discretion that it violates these Terms, our Community Guidelines, or for any other reason. Leela.Game may use your name and logo (whether or not you have made it available through the Services) for the purpose of identifying you as an existing or past customer of Leela.Game both on the Services and in marketing, advertising and promotional materials. We likewise may preserve Your Content and account information and may also disclose Your Content and account information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal process;
respond to claims that any of Your Content violates the rights of third parties;
enforce or administer the Terms of Service, including without limitation, these Terms of Service; and/or
protect the rights, property and/or personal safety of Leela.Game, its users and/or the public, including fraud prevention.

You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Services, including Your Content, may involve transmissions over various networks and/or changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

Rules for Use of Email Tools
Leela.Game may make available to you features and tools that allow you to contact your Consumers, other users of the Services, or third parties via email (the "Email Tools"). If you use Email Tools, you represent and agree that:

(a) you have the right and authority to send emails to the addresses on your recipient list and such addresses were gathered in accordance with email marketing regulations in the recipient's country of residence;

(b) your emails are not sent in violation of any privacy policy under which the recipient emails were gathered;

(c) you will use the Email Tools in compliance with all applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations.

(d) you will only use the Email Tools to advertise, promote and/or manage an event listed on the Services;

(e) your use of the Email Tools and the content of your emails complies these Terms;

(f) you will not use false or misleading headers or deceptive subject lines in emails sent using the Email Tools;

(g) you will respond immediately and in accordance with instructions to any Consumer sent to you by Leela.Game requesting you modify such Consumer's email preferences;

(h) you will provide an accessible and unconditional unsubscribe link for inclusion in every email where one is required, and you will not send any emails to any recipient who has unsubscribed from your mailing list.

If you violate any of these Email Tools rules or if your use of the Email Tools results in bounce rates, complaint rates or unsubscribe requests in excess of industry standards or if your emails cause disruption to the Services, Leela.Game may (without limitation of any other legal or contractual remedies it has) limit or suspend your access to the Email Tools.
Notices
Notices to you may be sent via email or regular mail to the address in Leela.Game's records. The Services may also provide notices of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Services. If you wish to contact Leela.Game or deliver any notice, you can do so at Leela.Game; Leela Game B.V.
Business address: Schubboomerf 14, 6413LH Heerlen, Netherlands.

Modifications to the Terms or Services
Leela.Game reserves the right to modify these Terms from time to time (collectively, "Modifications"). If we believe the Modifications are material, we will inform you about them by doing one (or more) of the following
posting the changes through the Services;
updating the "Updated" date at the top of this page; or
sending you an email or message about the Modifications.

Modifications that are material will be effective thirty (30) days following the "Updated" date or such other date as communicated in any other notice to you. Modifications that are simply addressing new functions we add to the Services or which do not impose any additional burdens or obligations on you will be effective immediately. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any Modifications. Your continued use of the Services following Modifications constitutes your acceptance of those Modifications and the updated Terms. In certain circumstances, Leela.Game may seek a Modification to these Terms that will only apply to you. This type of Modification must be accomplished by way of a written or electronic document signed by you and an authorised officer of Leela.Game. Leela.Game is constantly evolving our products and services to better meet the needs of our Users. Because of this, we cannot guarantee the availability of certain product features or functionality. Leela.Game reserves the right to modify, replace or discontinue any part of the Services or the entire Service.
Assignment.
We may, without your consent or approval, freely assign these Terms and our rights and obligations under these Terms whether to an affiliate or to another entity in connection with a corporate transaction or otherwise.
Entire Agreement.
Except as otherwise set forth herein, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Leela.Game and govern your use of the Services, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, proposals, discussions or communications between you and Leela.Game on the subject matter hereof, other than any written agreement for Services between you and an authorised officer of Leela.Game relating to a specified event or events.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms are governed by Singapore laws. These laws will apply no matter where in the world you live. But if you live outside of Singapore, you may be entitled to the protection of the mandatory consumer protection provisions of your local consumer protection law. Leela.Game is based in Singapore, and any legal action against Leela.Game related to our Services and that is not precluded by the arbitration provisions in these Terms must be filed and take place in Singapore.
Contact Us First.
If you have a question or concern about the Services, please contact us first. Our customer support team will try to answer your question or resolve your concern.
Notice of Dispute.
A party who intends to file any kind of legal action must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice"). The Notice to Leela.Game must be addressed to the following address ("Notice Address") and must be sent by certified mail: Leela.Game, Inc., Attn: 68 Circular Road, #02-01, Singapore, 049422. Notice to you will be addressed to a mailing, home or payment address currently on record with Leela.Game and must be sent by certified mail. If Leela.Game has no records of such physical address, such notice may be delivered to your Leela.Game account email address. The Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought. If Leela.Game and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within sixty (60) calendar days after the Notice is received, you or Leela.Game may commence an legal proceeding.
Feedback
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services ("Feedback"). Any Feedback you submit to us will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. By submitting Feedback to us, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable, perpetual licence to use and publish those ideas and materials for any purpose, without compensation to you.
Third Party Websites; Linked Accounts; Third Party Offers
The Services may provide, or Users may provide, links to other Internet websites or resources. Because Leela.Game has no control over such websites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Leela.Game is not responsible for the availability of such websites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, offers, products, services or other materials on or available from such websites or resources, or any damages or losses related there to, even if such websites or resources are connected with Leela.Game partners or third party service providers. For example, if you purchase ticket insurance on Leela.Game from a third party, your contractual relationship is with the third party ticket insurance provider, not Leela.Game.
Additional Miscellaneous Provisions
Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of these Terms. No oral waiver, amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable, that part will be limited to the minimum extent necessary and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. Section titles in these Terms are for convenience and have no legal or contractual effect. No independent contractor, agency, partnership, joint venture or other such relationship is created by these Terms. We may freely assign any of our rights and obligations under these Terms.

Leela Game B.V.
Business address: Schubboomerf 14, 6413LH Heerlen, Netherlands
Registration number: 89407415
VAT: NL864973688B01
