# Merchant Agreement

This Agency Agreement and the rights and obligations contained in this Agreement are in addition to and are incorporated into the Leela.Game Terms of Service by reference. Nothing in this Agency Agreement will be deemed to modify, waive, amend or rescind any other term of the Terms of Service. Please read this AgencyAgreement carefully: it contains important information about payment and refund terms and requirements, event prohibitions, rights you provide to us, and other rights, representations and liabilities.

1. Who We Are.
   1.1 Leela.Game.
   Welcome to Leela.Game! We are a ticketing and registration platform dedicated to bringing the world together through live experiences provided by life coaches and experts in self-development and self-realisation. Through our platform, mobile apps and services, we enable people all over the world to create, discover, share and register for events.

1.2 The Services.

Leela.Game's products, features and offerings are available
online through Leela.Game site; off platform, including without limitation, RFID, entry management, sponsorship and marketing or distribution services; and through mobile applications, webpages, application programming interfaces, and subdomains ("Applications").(a), (b), and (c) are collectively referred to as "Leela.Game Properties" or our "Services". Leela.Game is a corporation with its principal place of business at Schubboomerf 14, 6413LH Heerlen, Netherlands. ("Leela.Game," "us," "we" or "our"). When this Agency Agreement mentions "Leela.Game," "we," "us," or "our," it refers to Leela.Game, Inc. and its Affiliates, and subsidiaries, and each of its and their respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees. An "Affiliate" of any entity means any person or entity that controls, is controlled by, or that is under common control with, such entity, whether as of the date of your agreement to this Agency Agreement or thereafter.

1.3 Organisers and Consumers.

When this AgencyAgreement uses the term "Organiser" we mean event creators using the Services to create, list or promote events for consumers using our Services
to consume information about, or purchase tickets for events from Organisers ("Consumers"), or
for any other reason.
Organisers, Consumers and third parties using our Services are all referred to in these Terms collectively as "Users", "you" or "your". 2. Our Agency Agreement.
2.1 Purpose.
The following policy sets forth the terms and conditions upon which Organisers can use the Services to create, promote and/or collect sales proceeds for selling tickets and/or registrations to an event (this "Agency Agreement"). By accepting the Terms of Service, you agree to the terms of this Agency Agreement without modification and enter into a binding contract with Leela.Game, which will be applicable when and if you use the Services to create, promote and/or collect sales proceeds for selling tickets and/or registrations to an event. 3. Additional Registration Information.
3.1 Additional Information.

As part of the creation of a paid event or at any time following such creation, you may be required by Leela.Game to provide additional information (beyond the information required to register for the Services) about yourself, the entity you represent (if any) and the principals/beneficial owners of the entity you represent (if any) (collectively, "Additional Registration Data"). As an example, the Additional Registration Data may include current address, doing business as (DBA) names, description of products, website address, bank account or other payment account information, Tax Identification Numbers, date of birth, passport or drivers licence number, country of origin, copies of government identification documents and other personal information. This information may be used to verify your identity, the validity and/or legality of your transactions and/or whether you qualify to use the Services for paid events. You agree to: (a) provide this information in a timely, accurate and complete manner and (b) maintain and promptly update this information in a timely manner to ensure it remains accurate and complete at all times.

3.2 Disclosure Authorization.

Organiser agrees that Leela.Game is permitted to share Registration Data (as defined in the Terms of Service), Additional Registration Data and information relating to your events and transactions on the Services with our Payment Processing Partners (as defined below), the Card Schemes (as defined below) and Alternative Form of Payment Frameworks (as defined below) and with your bank or other financial institution, in each case to the extent your transactions or events involve such third parties. In addition, you authorise Leela.Game to verify your Registration Data and Additional Registration Data and conduct due diligence on you through third parties, including third party credit reporting agencies.

3.3 Failure to Provide.

We reserve the right to suspend your Leela.Game account or to withhold any amounts due to you in the event that we reasonably believe that your Registration Data or Additional Registration Data is inaccurate or if you fail to provide all Registration Data or Additional Registration Data within the timeframes requested. 4. Payment Methods; Payment Process.
4.1 Overview.

(a) Payment Method.
Leela.Game Payment Processing (“LPP”) - which means that we act as your limited payments agent to facilitate payment transactions on your behalf using our Payment Processor Partners. As a limited agent, we process the total value of tickets, registrations, and other items purchased by Consumers for your events (“Event Proceeds”).

(b) Leela.Game's Role.

For the avoidance of doubt, Leela.Game does not and will not provide banking, deposit taking, stored value, insurance or any other financial services to an Organiser.

(c) Confirmations.

Upon an order being placed by a Consumer and confirmed through Leela.Game, Leela.Game generates a confirmation message and issues a unique confirmation number for such Consumer's order. Organiser agrees to unconditionally accept, honor and fulfill all ticketing, registration, merchandise and donation commitments that have been confirmed by Leela.Game through the Services. Organiser agrees it is Organiser's responsibility to verify a Consumer's confirmation number and/or any event restrictions prior to the applicable event.

(d) Fees.

Organiser agrees to pay Leela.Game all applicable service fees for each ticket, registration or other item sold or donation solicited via the Services (the "Leela.Game Service Fee"). Organiser also agrees to pay Leela.Game the additional Leela.Game Payment Processing fee (the "Leela.Game Payment Processing Fee") for each ticket, registration or other item sold or donation solicited via the Services. The Leela.Game Service Fee and the Leela.Game Payment Processing Fee may vary by country and processing currency. The current fees amount to 20% of the ticket’s sale price, with additional explanation in this article in our Help Centre. Note that these fees are subject to change from time to time with respect to transactions that occur following the change.

In addition, Organiser may from time to time request additional Services from Leela.Game, including without limitation marketing and promotion services, equipment leasing, on-site services, printed tickets and dedicated account management, which Leela.Game may provide at its discretion and the terms of which will be covered by a separate written agreement. Fees for such ancillary Services (the "Ancillary Fees") will be disclosed to Organiser prior to Organiser's acceptance of such Services. The Leela.Game Service Fee, the Leela.Game Payment Processing Fee and the Ancillary Fees are referred to herein as the "Fees."Leela.Game may charge various fees to Consumers that are not passed on to Organisers, related to ticket sales, processing, handling, and access to various Leela.Game content and services. We have sole discretion to set and assess such fees.

4.3 Leela.Game Payment Processing.

(a) Underwriting.

Upon receipt of Additional Registration Data, Leela.Game will determine, in its discretion (which may be based on input from our Payment Processing Partners), whether you are qualified to use LPP. If you are not qualified to use LPP, Leela.Game will notify you. For risk management and security reasons and to meet the requirements imposed by our Payment Processing Partners, we may from time to time in our discretion impose a transaction limit on the amount of any given transaction that you process through LPP and you authorise us to reject any transaction over that limit. We may also from time to time in our discretion impose a reserve requirement on you under Section 4.3(f).

(b) Payment Process.

When using LPP, payment processing occurs directly through our Payment Processing Partners, and you understand and agree that within five (5) business days after the successful completion of an event, Leela.Game will on your behalf cause our Payment Processing Partners to pass along to you all Event Registration Fees related to such event that have been processed by our Payment Processing Partners, subject to
deduction of all applicable Fees then due;
our right of setoff against any debts or other amounts owed to us or any of our Affiliates by you or any of your Affiliates under this Agency Agreement, the Terms of Service or other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates;
any other deductions authorised pursuant to this Agency Agreement; and
any reserves established as set forth in subsection (f) below.
At that time, our Payment Processor Partners will facilitate the payout to your preferred payout method. We will not be liable for delayed, rejected, or missed payouts that occur from the delay, failure, or contractual breach by you, a Payment Processor Partner or any other third-party provider.
Such payouts will be made only to the payout information designated by Organiser on the Services under "Payments & Payouts."
Organiser agrees that all Event Registration Fees for a given event are earned by Organiser only following the conclusion of the applicable event. Organiser agrees that payments of Event Registration Fees are made by Leela.Game on the fifth (5th) business day after the end date of the successful completion of the applicable event. Organiser acknowledges and agrees that Leela.Game has the right to withhold funds as set forth in Sections 4.3(b) and 4.5(a) of this Agency Agreement. Organiser also acknowledges and accepts its obligations under Section 4.3(g) and 4.4(c) of the Agency Agreement, including its obligations to reimburse Leela.Game for refunds and credit card chargebacks.
(c) Appointment as Agent.

With respect to any events for which Organiser uses EPP, Organiser hereby appoints Leela.Game as Organiser's limited payment agent for the purpose of facilitating the receipt of payments made by Consumers for such events through our Payment Processing Partners, and the disbursement of those payments to Organiser. Organiser agrees that a payment made by a Consumer that is processed by Leela.Game will be considered the same as a payment made by a Consumer directly to Organiser and Organiser will sell or provide all advertised goods and services to the Consumer as if Organiser had directly received the Event Registration Fees from such Consumer, regardless of whether the Event Registration Fees have yet to be or are ever received from Leela.Game. Organiser agrees that Leela.Game, in its role as limited payments agent, is authorised to
enable Consumers to transfer or upgrade a ticket and/or registration (if such transfers are permitted by Organiser during the event registration process);
hold, disburse and retain proceeds on Organiser's behalf pursuant to this Agency Agreement, or otherwise instruct our Payment Processing Partners to do so;
issue refunds to Consumers as set forth in Section 4.4 below.
In accepting appointment as the limited agent of Organiser, Leela.Game assumes no liability for any acts or omissions of Organiser and Organiser understands that Leela.Game's obligation to pay Organiser is subject to and conditional upon Consumers’ actual payment of Event Registration Fees. Organiser further authorises Leela.Game to delegate its obligations under this Agency Agreement to certain of its affiliated entities, provided, that Leela.Game will remain liable for the discharge of its obligations under this Agency Agreement by such affiliated entities.
d) Issue of Protocol of Provision of Services.

e) Bank Account Number Error.
For ACH transactions (Automated Clearing House network – an electronic fund transfer made between banks and credit unions), if any bank account number you provide to us, including a bank account number you provide as part of your Additional Registration Data, is inaccurate, you agree that we are still entitled to make payment to that account number, even if the bank account is not owned by you. You agree that we may rely solely on the bank account number you provide to us as the proper identification of your bank account, even if the bank account number identifies a different account from your account. You also agree to reimburse us for any losses or expenses we incur as a result of our reliance on any bank account number you provide to us.

You agree that we may, from time to time, in our sole discretion,
setoff against your or your Affiliate's reserve as defined under Section 4.3(f),
setoff against any Event Registration Fees you receive and any other fees for Services provided to you or any of your Affiliates by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates (including for any Leela.Game fees or any other amounts you owe to Leela.Game under this Agency Agreement, the Terms of Service, or any other agreement between you and us), or both (a) and (b), based upon the level of refunds, disputed charges, chargebacks, customer complaints, allegations of fraud, changes in your or your Affiliate's credit profile or the underlying event(s)' risk profile, fraudulent conduct by you, any of your Affiliates or anyone acting on your behalf, or breaches of the Terms of Service or any other agreement between Organiser and Leela.Game, including this Agency Agreement or any other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates.
We may exercise such setoff rights before we make any payout. We will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice in case of such setoff. We are not liable to you for any claims resulting from our decision to exercise our setoff rights. We may also exercise any of our rights and remedies under Section 4.5 of this Agreement regarding recovery of such amounts due and owing to us from you.

(f) Cancellations; Nonperformance.
No payments will be made to Organiser with respect to any event that is cancelled or with respect to which Leela.Game believes there is a risk of cancellation or nonperformance, unless Leela.Game receives adequate security (as determined by Leela.Game in its discretion) for Organiser's obligations under this Agency Agreement. Leela.Game may elect, but is not obligated, to issue full or partial payment to Organiser for a cancelled event after a stated period for refund requests has concluded, and for clarity, Organiser will remain fully responsible for Chargeback Costs (as defined below). In addition, no Event Registration Fees for a given event will be settled to Organiser until that event is successfully completed. If payments have already been settled to an Organiser for a cancelled event, Organiser will immediately refund to a payment address designated by Leela.Game all such payments upon cancellation of such event for the purpose of effecting refunds if refunds are being made under Section 4.4. You are responsible for complying with the requirements of Section 4.4 and the requirements of the Organiser Refund Policy Requirements which are in addition to and are incorporated into the Terms of Service by reference. If you do not remit funds due to Leela.Game that are sufficient to cover refunds due to Consumers for an event cancellation or nonperformance, including, but not limited to, any mandatory refunds under Section 4.4(c) below, then you acknowledge and agree that the amount of such funds shortfall will become due and owing from you to us under these Terms of Service, including this Agency Agreement, until you have satisfied the amount in full and such amounts are also subject to the provisions of Sections 4.4(f) and 4.5 of this Agreement.

(g) Reserves and Leela.Game Right of Setoff.
Leela.Game reserves the right to retain a certain percentage of Event Registration Fees and any other fees for Services provided to you or any of your Affiliates by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates (with such percentage being determined by Leela.Game in its discretion) to fund a reserve
at any time as we determine in our discretion to be necessary based upon the level (or expected level) of refunds, disputed charges, chargebacks, customer complaints, allegations of fraud or changes in Organiser's credit profile or the underlying event(s)' risk profile; and
as otherwise necessary to secure the performance of your obligations under the Terms of Service, including this Agency Agreement, or to protect Leela.Game against fraudulent or erroneous activity.
Leela.Game's right to hold a reserve will continue following the applicable event(s) and until either
Organiser and any of its Affiliates have discharged all obligations under the Terms of Service or other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates and the applicable periods for refunds, disputed charges, chargebacks, and complaints have passed or;
Organiser and any of its Affiliates have otherwise provided Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates with adequate security (as determined by Leela.Game or its Affiliates in their discretion) for its obligations under the Terms of Service or other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates, whether matured or unmatured, contingent or non-contingent, or liquidated or unliquidated.
Further, the reserve is subject to the right of setoff as set forth in Section 4.3(b). In the event that the exercise of our or our Affiliates' setoff right does not fully cover the amount of funds due and owing from you or any of your Affiliates to us or any of our Affiliates under the Terms of Service or other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates, including this Agency Agreement, then such amount of funds will be deemed due and owing to us until you have satisfied the amount in full.

(h) Chargebacks; Reversals.
Any credit card chargebacks or other transaction reversals ("Chargebacks") initiated against Leela.Game or its affiliates for any reason (except to the extent they are caused solely by Leela.Game's negligence or willful misconduct) with respect to an Organiser's event and all related credit card association, payment processing, re-presentment, penalty and other fees and expenses (together with the amount of Chargebacks, “Chargeback Costs”) incurred by Leela.Game or its affiliates in connection with such chargebacks will ultimately be the responsibility of Organiser, and Organiser agrees to promptly and fully reimburse Leela.Game for such amounts on demand. As part of Leela.Game's activity as limited payments agent, Leela.Game will use commercially reasonable efforts to manage the re-presentment of such chargebacks and reversals on behalf of Organiser and Organiser hereby authorises Leela.Game to do so and agrees to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with Leela.Game in such re-presentment. However, Leela.Game will have no obligation to re-present any chargeback that it believes in its discretion it is more likely than not to lose or that relates to a transaction that should be refunded in accordance with the Organiser's refund policy or the provisions of Section 4.4(c) below. Understanding the nature of the Payment Scheme Rules (as defined below) and the discretion that they provide to the Card Schemes and Alternative Form of Payment Frameworks, both parties agree that Leela.Game's loss of any chargeback that has been re-presented by Leela.Game will not in any way limit Organiser's obligation to reimburse Leela.Game and its affiliates under this paragraph.

(i) Currencies.
Event Registration Fees are collected in EUR currency and may only be paid out to the Organiser in the currency in which they are collected. Leela.Game does not provide currency conversion services.

(j) Payment Scheme Rules.

The Card Schemes and Alternative Form of Payment Frameworks require that you comply with all applicable bylaws, rules and regulations published by them from time to time (collectively, the "Payment Scheme Rules"). We may be required to change this Agency Agreement in connection with amendments to the Payment Scheme Rules. Depending on what payment methods you elect to use in EPP, you may be subject to different Payment Scheme Rules. You agree to comply with any applicable Payment Scheme Rules as in effect from time to time. These Payment Scheme Rules, include without limitation, a requirement to submit only bona fide transactions, limits on how you use the Card Scheme logos and trademarks and authorization to use certain of your information to show that you participate in the Card Schemes. The Payment Scheme Rules are publicly available from the websites of the related Card Schemes and Alternative Form of Payment Frameworks.

4.4 Refunds.
(a) Refund Policy and Process.
Regardless of what payment method is selected, Organiser agrees to communicate a refund policy to Consumers with respect to each event posted on the Services. Organiser agrees:
that such refund and such policy shall comply with the Organiser Refund Policy Requirements; and
to administer such refund policy in accordance with its terms.
The Organiser Refund Policy Requirements are incorporated by reference into this Agency Agreement. Refunds for EPP transactions must be processed through Leela.Game, unless
The Consumer’s payment card account cannot accept the refund because the card issuer has declined the refund, in which case the Organiser must seek to complete the refund through alternative means pursuant to its refund policy; or
otherwise agreed by Leela.Game.

For EPP transactions, the Organiser can issue refunds to Consumers directly through the Services within certain windows permitted by our Payment Processing Partners. If the refund is outside such windows, then it will need to be processed manually by Leela.Game or by the Organiser, as applicable. Leela.Game may determine in its sole discretion to not process any refunds that are manual, in which case they will be processed directly by the Organiser. Notwithstanding any features of the Leela.Game services that enable Organisers to process refunds through the Leela.Game platform, Organiser bears sole responsibility for refunds to Consumers associated with the Organiser’s event. Consistent with the Consumer Refund Policy Requirements, refunds that you are responsible for due to the cancellation or nonperformance of an event are subject to the following refund requirements:
In the event of a full or partial event cancellation, Organiser agrees to issue refunds to Consumers either by using backup funding sources within the Leela.Game platform (e.g. additional security sources) or remitting funds due for refunds back to Leela.Game so that refunds can be processed by Leela.Game on the Organiser's behalf. In the event that Leela.Game is unable to process a refund on behalf of Organiser for any reason (e.g., the Consumer’s payment card account cannot accept the refund), Leela.Game will not process the refund through the Leela.Game platform and the Organiser will bear sole responsibility for meeting its refund obligations under this Agency Agreement and the Organiser’s refund policy. In such cases the Organiser may provide a refund through cash or bank transfer or in accordance with item ix, below. Leela.Game reserves the right to set a time period after which refund requests received for a cancelled event will not be processed through the Leela.Game platform. Leela.Game may, but is not obligated to, elect to allow the Organiser to refuse refunds for a cancelled event when the refund requests are received after that period, provided that the Organiser will remain responsible for all Chargeback Costs.
Unless otherwise instructed by Leela.Game, Organiser agrees that no refunds will be made outside of the Leela.Game platform (e.g. offline). Not withstanding the foregoing, EPP refund transactions may only be employed for bona fide event refunds, and not for other activity such as money transfers, including without limitation cash advance transactions.
If Organiser elects to remit funds back to Leela.Game so that Leela.Game can process refunds on Organiser's behalf, to the extent it is able to do so, Organiser must remit funds to Leela.Game that are sufficient to cover refunds due to Consumers within 5 days of the cancellation of the event.
Organiser agrees to notify Consumers of the event cancellation as soon as reasonably possible and prior to the event start time.
Organiser will be the main point of contact for Consumers with refund requests, and Organiser will instruct the Consumers not to contact Leela.Game with refund requests.
Organiser will provide clear instructions and contact information to Consumers so that Consumers can make refund requests, or, alternatively, Organiser will turn on the in-product refund request function within the Leela.Game platform and respond to any Consumer refund requests received.
Organiser acknowledges that Leela.Game reserves the right to charge the Organiser for the cost of any charge backs related to the cancelled event, and such amounts are also subject to the provisions of Sections 4.4(f) and 4.5 of this Agreement.
If the Organiser cancels only part of a multi-day event, then Organiser agrees to refund a pro-rata monetary value portion of the purchase price of a multi-day ticket based on the corresponding monetary value of the portion of the multi-day event that was cancelled. For example, if Organiser sells a 3-day ticket to a festival for 150 EUR, and cancels 1 day of the festival, the Organiser must provide a 50 EUR refund to Consumers for the cancelled day.
If the Organiser is offering Consumers a credit or other accommodation through which Organiser will “make good” on its obligations to Consumers in lieu of a purchase price refund and/or in the event of an inability to complete a purchase price refund, then (i) such credit or other accommodation must be of equal or greater value to the value of the ticket for the cancelled event, and (ii) such value and all terms applicable to such credit or other accommodation (including but not limited to the period in which such credit or other accommodation must be used, if such limitations are permitted by applicable law (as to which Organiser bears sole responsibility for compliance)) must be clearly communicated to the Consumers. The issuance of any credit or other accommodation is solely the Organiser's responsibility and the Organiser is responsible for compliance with all applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations. Organiser agrees that it will be fully liable for the cost of chargebacks received related to purchases even if a credit, accommodation, or an "other make good" refund is given and/or even if it is provided because a purchase price refund could not be completed. Further, in the event that Organiser fails for any reason to honour a credit or other accommodation, including without limitation by failing to hold the event(s) for which such credit or other accommodation was used, Leela.Game shall be entitled to exercise all rights under this Agency Agreement, including but not limited to the right (but not the obligation) to issue refunds to impacted Consumer(s) (to the extent it is able to do so) and to collect such sums directly from Organiser.
This subsection applies to credits offered to Consumers who purchased through EPP transactions. Organiser agrees and understands that any funds associated with another “make good” issued in the form of a credit that is usable only for Organiser’s future events will, as between Leela.Game and the Organiser, be processed by Leela.Game in the same manner as a refund from Organiser’s account in accordance with the terms of this Agency Agreement, including without limitation, appointment of Leela.Game as a limited payments agent pursuant to Section 4.3(c) of this Agency Agreement. Such credit, upon use, will be processed on the Organiser’s behalf by Leela.Game as part of the final settlement of the event in accordance with the terms set forth herein for the EPP Service. A credit will be deemed “used” once the Consumer either attends the concluded event to which the credit was applied or fails to attend the concluded event to which the credit was applied. However, if Organiser has established a period in which such credit must be used and the credit is not used during the established period, such credit will be applied to Organiser’s account and settled with Organiser’s next scheduled payout, provided that Organiser offered a substitute event that was ticketed and completed during the established period.
(b) Refund Disputes.
Regardless of what payment method is selected, all disputes regarding refunds are between Organiser and its Consumers. In the event of a dispute, Leela.Game may try to mediate, but ultimately it is Organiser's obligation to settle the dispute. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to EPP transactions, Leela.Game will have the right to make refunds on Organiser's behalf as set forth in subsection (c) below.
(c) Mandatory Refunds.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Organiser authorises Leela.Game to make refunds in the following situations
Organiser specifically authorises the refunds at the time;
the event description presented to the Consumer at time of purchase is significantly different from the actual event;
Attendees are unable to attend the event due to failure of the Organiser to adequately plan for capacity, ingress or egress, or attendance will otherwise subject the Consumer to safety concerns;
Leela.Game believes in its discretion that specific orders should be refunded under the Organiser's posted refund policy or Leela.Game's Organiser Refund Policy Requirements, including without limitation, that they are required by applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule or regulation or the Payment Scheme Rules;
Leela.Game believes in its discretion that the refund request, if not granted, will lead to a chargeback that Leela.Game is more likely than not to lose;
Organiser failed to list a refund policy on the applicable event page and Leela.Game believes in its discretion that a refund would be reasonable under the circumstances;
Leela.Game believes in its discretion that specific orders are fraudulent (e.g., made with stolen credit cards or otherwise not bona fide transactions); or
Leela.Game believes in its discretion that the order is a duplicate.
Organiser also authorises Leela.Game to make refunds of any and all orders (including those for unrelated events) if
Leela.Game believes in its discretion that Organiser has engaged in any fraudulent activity or made any misrepresentations;
Leela.Game believes in its discretion that there is substantial risk of nonperformance by Organiser with respect to the applicable event or future events;
Leela.Game believes in its discretion that it is likely to receive complaints, refund requests, transaction reversals and/or chargebacks with respect to a substantial amount of orders; or
Leela.Game believes in its discretion that Organiser is a Prohibited Merchant, has used the Services to process Prohibited Transactions or to manage Prohibited Events or that failing to make the refunds would otherwise expose Leela.Game to legal liability.
Because all sales are ultimately made by Organisers, Organiser hereby agrees to promptly and fully reimburse Leela.Game and its affiliates upon demand for refunds that Leela.Game makes pursuant to this Agency Agreement, other than to the extent that the necessity for such refunds is caused by Leela.Game's negligence or willful misconduct. Organiser acknowledges and agrees that chargebacks will result in losses to Leela.Game in excess of the amount of the underlying transaction and that by refunding transactions in advance of a chargeback Leela.Game is mitigating such losses and its damages with respect to Organiser's breach of this Agency Agreement. If you do not remit funds to Leela.Game that are sufficient to cover mandatory refunds as described by this Section 4.4(c) for an event cancellation or nonperformance, then you acknowledge and agree that the amount of such funds shortfall will become due and owing from you to us under the Terms of Service, including this Agency Agreement, until you have satisfied the amount in full and such amounts are also subject to the provisions of Sections 4.3(f) and 4.5 of this Agreement.

4.5 Non-Exclusive Remedies; Taxes.
(a) Non-Exclusive Remedies.
If Organiser fails to pay to Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates any amount owed pursuant to the Terms of Service (including without limitation this Agency Agreement) or any other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates when due and following a late payment notice being delivered by Leela.Game, such amount will bear interest calculated from the date due until paid in full at a rate equal to the lesser of
one percent (1%) per month, compounded monthly; and
the maximum amount permitted by applicable local, state, provincial, national or other laws, rules or regulations.
In the event any amounts are owed by Organiser or any of its Affiliates to Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates under the Terms of Service (including without limitation this Agency Agreement) or any or other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates, Leela.Game or its Affiliates may, without limiting its other rights and remedies and to the extent permitted by applicable local, state, provincial, national or other laws, rules or regulations
withhold any amounts due to Organiser or any of Organiser's Affiliates, whether for a particular event or for any other event that Organiser or any of Organiser's Affiliates lists through the Services or other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates, and use the withheld amount to setoff the amount owed by Organiser or any of Organiser's Affiliates to Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates; and/or
send an invoice to Organiser or any of its Affiliates for such amounts to the extent Organiser's or any of its Affiliate's outstanding balance is insufficient to cover these costs, in which case Organiser or any of its Affiliates will pay Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates such invoiced amounts within thirty (30) days after the date of the invoice.
If payment for any amounts due to Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates hereunder is not made by Organiser or any of its Affiliates when due and after receiving a late payment notice from Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates, Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates reserves the right, in its discretion and without limiting its other rights and remedies, to suspend or terminate Organiser's or any of Organiser's Affiliate's registration for any Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates (including any and all accounts that Organiser or any of Organiser's Affiliates may have). In addition, any such unpaid amounts due and owing to Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates are subject to collections in accordance with Section 4.5(b).

(b) Collections; Costs of Recovery.
Leela.Game reserves the right to pursue any late and unpaid amounts due and owing to Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates for collections if such amounts are not paid within thirty (30) days after the date of the invoice. In addition, Organiser agrees to promptly and fully reimburse Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates upon demand for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, incurred by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates in collecting past due amounts or any other amounts due and owing from Organiser or any of its Affiliates under this Agency Agreement, the Terms of Service or any or other applicable agreement for Services provided by Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates. Organiser and any of its Affiliates agree that if Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates must seek collections for past due amounts and Organiser or any of its Affiliates does not respond or pay in full after receiving a collection notice, Leela.Game or any of its Affiliates reserves the right to pursue outstanding balances through judicial proceedings, and such actions are expressly excluded from any arbitration provisions set forth in the Terms of Service.

(c) Taxes.
You are solely responsible for determining which, if any, sales, use, amusement, value added, consumption, excise and other taxes, duties, levies and charges (collectively, "Taxes") apply to your use of the Services and to sales you make using the Services. You agree that it is your sole responsibility to, and that you will, collect and remit the correct amounts of all such Taxes to the applicable governmental authorities (“Tax Authorities”). Leela.Game does not represent, warrant or guarantee that any tax tools or tax calculators (“Tax Tools”) provided to you will meet all tax requirements that may be applicable to you or that such Tax Tools will result in your collection or remittance of all applicable Taxes, which Taxes may vary based on the nature of your event, the nature of your tax status (individual, entity, business, consumer, etc.), your location, the location of your Consumers, credits and deductions for which you may qualify and other factors, and you hereby release Leela.Game from any and all liability with respect to your use of the Tax Tools. None of such Tax Tools should be considered legal or tax advice. If you do collect Taxes and use Leela.Game Payment Processing, Leela.Game will pay such amounts to you at the same time as the underlying Event Registration Fees. You are responsible for remitting all such Taxes to the appropriate Tax Authorities. If you use any Tax Tools that require you to input a tax registration number, you represent and warrant that such tax registration number is true and correct. Leela.Game cannot give you legal or tax advice, so please be sure to check with your own tax advisor about any applicable Taxes. In the event that a Tax Authority requires Leela.Game to pay any Taxes attributable to your use of the Services or to sales you make using the Services, you agree to promptly and fully reimburse Leela.Game for such Taxes upon demand and all costs, penalties, interest and expenses related thereto.
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, Leela.Game may, in certain jurisdictions, be required to collect and remit Taxes for your sales of tickets and/or registrations facilitated using the Services. In order to determine whether any Taxes must be collected on your behalf, Leela.Game may request certain information when you create an Event using the platform. Such information may relate to your tax exempt status, the nature of your Event and/or other similar information. If such information is requested, you represent and warrant that the information you provide is true and correct. Leela.Game cannot give you legal or tax advice, so please be sure to check with your own legal and/or tax advisor about any information you provide through the platform. In the event that a Tax Authority requires Leela.Game to pay any Taxes attributable to your Event as a result of the information you provided Leela.Game being incorrect, you agree to promptly and fully reimburse Leela.Game for such Taxes upon demand and all costs, penalties, interest and expenses related thereto.
Notwithstanding paragraph (i) in this section, Leela.Game may, in certain jurisdictions, be required to collect and remit Taxes on Leela.Game Service Fees and Leela.Game Payment Processing Fees (“Leela.Game Fees”) to the Tax Authorities. In such jurisdictions, Leela.Game will collect from you Taxes on Leela.Game Fees, and you agree to pay such Taxes. Leela.Game may, at its sole election, invoice you for Taxes on Leela.Game Fees or withhold (from amounts it would otherwise pay to you) the amount of Taxes on Leela.Game Fees. With the exception of Taxes on Leela.Game Fees that Leela.Game collects from you pursuant to this paragraph and Taxes collected and remitted pursuant to paragraph (ii) in this section, you remain responsible for collecting and remitting the correct amount of any Taxes that apply to your use of the Services and to sales you make using the Services. A list of the jurisdictions in which Leela.Game collects Taxes on Leela.Game Fees is available here.
To comply with sales tax regulations of the European Union (the "EU"), Leela.Game is required to (A) collect Value Added Tax ("VAT") from Organisers on the Leela.Game Service Fee for paid tickets or registrations sold on or through the Site by Organisers residing in the EU who have not provided Leela.Game with their VAT Identification Number ("VAT ID"); and (B) remit any such VAT collected to the relevant tax authority. If you provide us with your VAT ID, we will not collect VAT on the Leela.Game Service Fee. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that the VAT ID you provide to Leela.Game (if any) is accurate, complete and properly formatted. Please be aware that falsification or misrepresentation of information to evade payment of VAT may result in fines and/or criminal prosecution. You agree to promptly and fully reimburse Leela.Game for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses arising out of your falsification or misrepresentation of a VAT ID on the Site. Leela.Game does not require Organisers to have a VAT ID. However, if you are an Organiser residing in the EU, and you do not have a VAT ID or you do not provide us with your VAT ID, Leela.Game will collect and remit VAT on the Leela.Game Service Fee on your behalf. In the interest of clarity, Leela.Game does not collect and remit VAT on the Leela.Game Payment Processing Fee or on the price of the tickets or registrations you sell on or through the Site.
Leela.Game reserves the right to withhold the payment of any amounts owed to you hereunder and dispose of them as required by applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule, regulation, judgement or order, in each case as determined by Leela.Game, or to seek later payment from you of any amounts on taxes uncollected and unremitted, related to your events.

4.6 Commercial Entities.
From time to time, one or more Card Schemes may require that you enter into an additional agreement directly with one of our Payment Processing Partners or with the applicable Card Scheme. Typically this happens if your transactions exceed one hundred thousand EUR (EUR 100,000) with respect to a particular Card Scheme on an annual basis in a given geography. If we believe that your account is likely to be subject to this additional requirement, we will provide you with a "Commercial Entity Agreement" that you must agree to in order to continue using EPP. If you fail to accept that "Commercial Entity Agreement," we may suspend or terminate your account.

4.7 Escheatment.
If your account has had no activity for a period of time set forth in applicable unclaimed property (e.g., escheatment) laws and we hold funds related to your account, then we will notify you as required by applicable laws. If you do not claim your unclaimed funds within the timeframe notified to you, then we will escheat them to the applicable governmental authority in accordance with applicable laws. 5. Prohibited Merchants; Prohibited Events; Prohibited Transactions.
5.1 Prohibited Merchants.
By registering for the Services and accepting this Agency Agreement, you represent and warrant that:
you are not located in, and you are not a national or resident of, any country to which Netherlands has embargoed goods and/or services of the same type as the Services ("Restricted Countries");
you are not listed in the MasterCard MATCH terminated merchant database or Visa terminated merchant file and your right to access each Card Scheme and each Alternative Form of Payment is not presently revoked or suspended.
If you fall into any of the categories set forth above, as determined by Leela.Game in its discretion, you are a "Prohibited Merchant."

5.2 Prohibited Events.
You may not post events to the Services or engage in activities through the Services that:
violate or facilitate the violation of any applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule or regulation;
would be prohibited under the Payment Scheme Rules;
take place in Restricted Countries; and
contain any Content (as defined in the Terms of Service) that would violate the Terms of Service, or the Leela.Game Community Guidelines.
Any event that falls into any of the categories set forth above, as determined by Leela.Game in its discretion, is a "Prohibited Event."

5.3 Prohibited Transactions.
You may not use EPP to process any of the following transactions and you represent and warrant that you will not submit for processing through the Services:
any transaction that would violate or is considered "high risk" (or another restricted category) by the Payment Scheme Rules, including any transaction regarding adult-related content or activities, illegal goods or services including cannabis, or the paraphernalia associated with any illegal goods or service, purchase of crypto-currency, raffles, sweepstakes, or gambling;
any transaction that is fraudulent or criminal in nature;
any transaction that would constitute sending money to another party other than for the purchase of bona fide tickets or registrations to, or solicitation of a donation for, events, or sale of items related to such events.
Any transaction that falls into any of the categories set forth above, as determined by Leela.Game in its discretion, is a "Prohibited Transaction."

5.4 Remedies.
In the event that Leela.Game discovers that you are a Prohibited Merchant, that you have posted a Prohibited Event and/or that you have attempted to process or processed a Prohibited Transaction, then Leela.Game may take any or all of the following actions in its discretion in addition to any and all remedies that Leela.Game may have under the law or elsewhere in the Terms of Service:
suspend or terminate your Leela.Game account;
alter, edit, or remove any Prohibited Event or any portion thereof;
block, reverse or refund any or all of your transactions;
hold any and all funds associated with your account to the extent required by applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule, regulation, judgment or order; and
refer you, your events and/or your transactions and information relating to the same (without further notice to you) to our Payment Processing Partners, the Card Schemes, the Alternative Form of Payment Frameworks and/or applicable law enforcement agencies for further action. 6. Representations And Warranties.
In addition to the representations and warranties contained herein, you represent and warrant to us that:
if you represent an entity, that entity is duly organised, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state, province or country of its formation;
you, or the entity you represent (if applicable), have all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby;
the entering into and performing of this Agreement by you, or if you represent an entity by the entity you represent, will not result in any breach of, or constitute default under, any applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule, regulation, judgment or order, or other agreement to which you or it is a party, including without limitation, any other agreement for the sale of tickets or registrations; and
if you represent an entity, you have the full right, legal power and actual authority to bind such entity to the terms and conditions hereof.
Further, you represent, warrant and acknowledge that you (not we) are solely responsible for ensuring that your events are ticketed correctly, and that only valid tickets are honoured. You understand and agree that Leela.Game is not liable for any costs arising from whether a presented ticket is or is not valid, or is or is not honoured, including any tickets procured through, or representing, fraud or deceptive practices. 7. Termination.
In addition to our right to terminate your use of the Services under the Terms of Service, Leela.Game may terminate this Agency Agreement and your right to use the Services to create, promote and collect sales proceeds for events
if you are in violation or breach of any provision of this Agency Agreement;
if our Payment Processing Partners and/or the Card Schemes or Alternative Form of Payment Frameworks terminate our right to provide the EPP Service or your right to accept payments via the EPP Service in their sole discretion;
if Leela.Game is served with legal process seeking to attach or garnish any of your funds or property in Leela.Game's possession.

Leela Game B.V.
Business address: Schubboomerf 14, 6413LH Heerlen, Netherlands
Registration number: 89407415
VAT: NL864973688B01
